I read through the hip https://github.com/boringprotocol/HIP/blob/main/0070-boring-protocol.md and think we should incorporate all of our ideas into code with updates based on Helium Mobile's recent pivot. I believe a dVPN SubDAO will add tremendous value and utility to the struggling nearly 1 million node helium LoRa miner ecosystem while adding a significant source of revenue to the mobile product by bundling our own blockchain-secured, decentralized VPN service we can bundle w/ Helium Mobile service plans. 

Adding dVPN capability adjacent to the LoRa mining stack would enable customers to earn an additional dVPN SubDAO token by doing nothing on their part except keeping their miner online and opting to share their internet bandwidth for added privacy and security for all. The same wallets/app could support all tokens and enable BOP staking and VPN control. We add another SubDAO token and functional mining ability to everyone's existing equipment and let the customer choose their mining mode and how much they want to stake toward the dVPN project DAO. 

The foundation could step up and airdrop locked dVPN tokens into the miner's wallets to enable 'basic' dVPN server mining activation for all. Folks who want to increase their stake could do so to earn more rewards. Switching a dVPN server (default) to client mode would require a higher stake than a server to encourage more distributed servers than clients.  

One key point to add under the HIP's Motivation Section: "A dVPN implementation would immediately and relevantly re-purposes the no longer needed processing power of the nearly one million LoRa Hotspots sitting online worldwide into the largest dVPN network right out of the box. Give the customer ability to switch client/ server modes right in the app and add the dVPN service and BOP/dVPN token as another SubDAO along with IoT, MOBILE. 

To reiterate, a dVPN addition to the Helium service lineup would leverage the existing miners into an additional revenue stream for Nova as we can sell a decentralized private Helium Mobile dVPN service as an ad on to Mobile phone plans to continually burn DC. And It's the most logical thing to do with the miner hardware online right now as we should be able to push this as an update after a community vote is approved. 

The boring protocol code should be able to be added as a firmware update to run along the kernel in a  container similar to the LoRa packet processing and forwarder, correct? Encrypt the IP traffic and send it on its way, right? The oracles can do the accounting and heavy lifting if needed. Push firmware to the miners, update the app to add the dVPN ability to switch server/client mode, and we have v1 basic dVPN liftoff. More features come later.

The existing miner network is ideal for supporting this type of tunneling traffic as most miners have gigabit ethernet connections with private IPs and have adequate bandwidth, processing power and storage already. The RAK and MNTD are based on PI4s and should make a perfect mirror to test run in our distributed environment. Funding the work for the boring protocol SubDAO should be a priority for the Helium Foundation to keep folks buying miners and the ecosystem growing.  

A fouundation funded genesis airdrop of locked tokens to initiate a BOP stake in miners wallets would go a long way to improving miner relations and rejuvanate miner interest. 

Let's jump in and edit/discuss options.

Just found read this and see clearer. https://github.com/boringprotocol/HIP/commit/f70991c0a4e54b02e069e5b25f8d5646f8cb943e and
https://github.com/boringprotocol/HIP/commit/e02f4dee51ea489a39e1e9a291ae64f347d48a6c

If you don't know why you need a #dVPN, well, then that's the best reason for you to contribute and use a #DecentralizedVPN for true anonymity. 
